## Phone out of my phone
_June 11, 2022 — edited from original post_

Thoughts after reading I took my phone out of my phone by Laurel Schwulst on blog.laurel.world:

I have always wanted to have separate devices that served their own function. I really enjoyed the idea of having a Walkman that held my music and nothing else, so that when I go on walks or lay in my bed, I could experience the music only.

I try to use analog or traditional whenever possible because it feels a lot more 'tangible' to me. Using a calendar or planner app is so foreign to me - while having smartphone notifications pop up to remind me is helpful, once I swipe the notification away, it no longer exists (not technically). Because my phone serves so many purposes in my life, I don't end up relying on it for my basic needs.  

Laurel Schwulst writes that her mobile setup (which is a flip phone, an ipod touch and another ipod touch) works for her in the sense that: ```
(1) "I feel more agency in relationship to my handheld technology", (2) "I am more easily able to enter a calm state when I'm out in the world", and (3) "People can reach me, and I can reach people, when needed"
```
She recalls a moment when she lost her smartphone and thinking that her life wouldn't be the same, and that she felt that her smartphone held way too much power over her life. If I forget to bring my phone, the effects feel almost catastrophic. It holds my music, my connection to people, my games, transportation, digital wallet, and the list goes on. Without it, it would almost be impossible for me to function normally in society. It simultaneously holds my work life and my personal life. Which is why I had such a high interest in purchasing a walkman. I want to purchase a flip phone (specifically the Nokia 2720!! It also has a 3.5 jack which is a huge plus).

I want to continue using a physical schedule book. I want to learn more ways for me to detach from digital technology. That is not to say that I want to live off the grid. I find way too much creative freedom through the digital space for me to do this.

In the meantime, here are some lines I really appreciated from Schwulst's post:
```
"I wanted to set up an environment that would enable me to be my best self (out in the world/in transit) ... doing calm activities like reading, spending alone time with my thoughts/feelings, maybe journaling etc., instead of refreshing Twitter, for instance."
```
```
"One of my iPods is my 'light pod' meaning I don't put social apps on it. It's for taking out with me when I go on a walk, when I simply want to listen to my music and podcasts rather than be distracted by anything social."
```